Zapier (#1780)
enkidevs/curriculum: zapier/introduction/zapier-task-history/zapier-filtering-task-history.md

---
author: kapnobatai136

category: must-know

aspects:
  - introduction

type: normal

---

# Filtering Task History

---
## Content

Now that you know how to rename your zaps and how to access your task history, it is time to learn how to filter it.

All the magic happens at the top of the list:

![task-history-filters](https://img.enkipro.com/44d77a1e0017bc643a9e52d60be36998.png)

Start from left to right, we will now explain what each option does:
- the select button
    - you can individually select an action or select multiple actions
    - when selected, you can play, delete, or download them
    - useful for retrying a certain action
- the zap specifier
    - in the picture you can see the `'All Zaps'` button
    - using this, you can specify which zaps you are interested in
    - this is where renaming zaps comes in useful
- the status specifier
    - in the picture, you can see the `'Everything'` button; this specifies which statuses you are interested in
    - use this to find out which actions threw an error or which are still waiting
- the date specifier
    - choose a date as a constraint

> Lastly, you've got the refresh button (meant to refresh the actions seen in the task history), and the `'Clear Filters'` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, you've got the refresh button (meant to help with seeing the most recent runs in task history), and the `'Clear Filters'` button.
```

> Using these together you will be able to debug any zaps.

Reviewer: I think this is an overstatement. This is mainly their main debugging tool but it doesn't mean it's perfect.

```suggestion
These features should provide you with a straightforward debugging experience.
```
